manifest: Update Matter revision to pull PSA Crypto changes (#13516)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

------

* Updated the page about :ref:`ug_matter_device_low_power_configuration` with the information about Intermittently Connected Devices (ICD) configuration.

* Added:

  * A Kconfig option for disabling or enabling :ref:`ug_matter_configuring_read_client`.
  * Support for PSA Crypto API for devices that use Matter over Thread.
    It is enabled by default and can be disabled by setting the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CHIP_CRYPTO_PSA` Kconfig option to ``n``.

>   * Migration of the Device Attestation Certificate (DAC) private key from the factory data set to the PSA ITS secure storage.
>     The DAC private key can be removed from the factory data set after the migration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Migration of the Device Attestation Certificate (DAC) private key from the factory data set to the PSA ITS secure storage.

    The DAC private key can be removed from the factory data set after the migration.
```
And same here.

>   * Migration of the Device Attestation Certificate (DAC) private key from the factory data set to the PSA ITS secure storage.
>     The DAC private key can be migrated to the ITS storage and removed from the factory data set after the migration.
>     You can enable this feature by setting the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CHIP_CRYPTO_PSA_MIGRATE_DAC_PRIV_KEY` Kconfig option to ``y``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Migration of the Device Attestation Certificate (DAC) private key from the factory data set to the PSA ITS secure storage.

    The DAC private key can be removed from the factory data set after the migration.
    You can enable this experimental functionality by setting the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CHIP_CRYPTO_PSA_MIGRATE_DAC_PRIV_KEY` Kconfig option to ``y``.
```

>     Removing the DAC private key from the factory data set after the migration is enabled by default if the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BUILD_WITH_TFM` or :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SECURE_STORAGE_BACKEND_AEAD_KEY_DERIVE_FROM_HUK` Kconfig options are set to ``y``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    By default, the DAC private key is removed from the factory data set after the migration if either the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BUILD_WITH_TFM` or :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SECURE_STORAGE_BACKEND_AEAD_KEY_DERIVE_FROM_HUK` Kconfig option is set to ``y``.
```

>     It can be disabled by setting the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CHIP_CRYPTO_PSA_MIGRATE_DAC_PRIV_KEY` Kconfig option to ``n``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You can disable it being removed by setting the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CHIP_CRYPTO_PSA_MIGRATE_DAC_PRIV_KEY` Kconfig option to ``n``.
```
